hi everyone in this video I'm going to
show you how to make a fortune cookie
with a printed for to start out by
rolling out a thin sheet of whatever
color you like I mixed some tan and gold
clays together and use a circle cutter
or a knife to cut out a circle
next take a brush or a toothbrush or
maybe the ball of foil and make some
texture so it'll end up looking
something like this
to give the edges a look like they've
been baked in an oven use some soft
chalk in a sort of dark brown color and
use a paintbrush to just add it around
the edge and you can put some in the
center if you like too
okay let's start folding it now flip it
upside down and bring two edges together
but don't pinch it closed you use a tool
that's kind of round you could use your
finger to just sort of bend it like so
then you have your basic shape but don't
pinch it closed yes still I printed out
a fortune on my computer and I measured
it to make sure it wasn't too big or too
small
well it is still kind of big but anyway
then roll out some white clay and
measure it to the right size that you
need
next place the fortune kind of tucked
inside so it looks like it came from
inside and put it to the place where you
want it to be then you can start
pinching it closed the cookie part
and if you want it to be a charm go
ahead and put a pin in and after that
bake it according to the directions in
your oven okay after it's been baked
I recommend pulling the pin out and
using some superglue just to make sure
the pin won't ever come out because the
terms I make the pins tend to fall out
so I glue them all in next I take some
gloss or glaze that's meant for polymer
clay and with the paintbrush paint a
really thin layer on the paper strip
okay and before the gloss dries add your
paper fortune that you made before and
slowly takes it on because you don't
want any air bubbles trapped underneath
if you feel any just put some pressure
on it and it should remove the bubbles
and make sure none of the edges are
sticking up and after you've allowed it
to dry add a layer on top this will seal
it in and make sure you get the edges to
and then when you're done glossing the
fortune
you can finish flossing the whole entire
thing and you should end up with
something like this I'm a big fan of the
show lost so that's where the numbers
came from on the fortune well thank you
for watching and I hope you liked it
hope it was easy enough to follow and as
always remember to rate comment and
subscribe and I think that's about it
bye